Versions you don't usually come across!
Archiving all the osu! versions from 2007 to now!
Cold table, hey?
When this baby hits 88 miles per hour... you're gonna see some serious versions.
osu! version conundrum!
Rise and b20121003shine.test, Mr. Freeman...
osu! time-travel machine!
The biggest version collection around!
peppycode
You know that feeling when your desk turns into ice...
b20141109.13 best waifu!
snapshots oseaki (this splash text line originally was "archive!osu"!)
Triangles are welcome!
Archiving all the triangles!
The biggest version collection around!
Thanks, peppy!
Please do not misuse any of these versions! Y'know, don't use them to cheat.
If you have any more triangle versions, let us know! We're in dire need of some triangles.
Versions everywhere!
Shoutouts to Simpleflips!
Props to everyone who contributed to osu!archive!
Archiving all the april fools jokes!
The 27th of March is the former osu!archive's birthday!
Thank you Tokaku!
yo hubz i'm out of splash ideas do u have any
TRAIASCA ROMANIA!
Hubz thinks that this splash system was a great idea!
ILuvSkins likes writing these splashes!
Good ol' days, back when we only had about 15 versions...
If you see this, welcome to oseaki snapshots!
Wayback Machine FTW!
seriously hubz i'm out of splash ideas help
If only peppy posted b162 instead of b99 on the forums...
[insert funny splash here]
In order to view this splash, you must pay 20 osu!coins.
loading splash...
What are your favourite versions?
Can I offer you a nice triangle in this trying time?
Old osu! logo madness!
What's a lapfox anyway?
I'm writing splashes right now even though I probably have something better to do!
Remember, every time you don't delete your .cfg files before uploading, ILuvSkins loses one braincell!
If you don't play osu!, well, I don't even know how you got here!
2014 versions are cool!
Triangles may look nice, but they can also mercilessly destroy low-end PCs!
HEY! A man has fallen into the triangles in oseaki snapshots city! Start the rescue helicopter!
Stop looking at this splash and start looking at the osu! versions below!
We wish they kept the 2015 menu sounds!
<a href="https://dev.ppy.sh">dev.ppy.sh</a> is so weird!